This is a logical Programming Questions list.

note--> file example1 to example6 are the file to understand syntax of some concepts



As per the file name question1.js
question1 
write a program to add 3 elements of an array starting from the 0th index and last two digit of an array should be print as it is.
on 0th index = add 0th index + 1st index + 2nd index
on 1th index = add 1th index + 2nd index + 3rd index.. and so on
for example , input = [1,2,3,4,5,6,1,1,1,1] 
output = [6,9,12,15,12,8,3,3,1,1]



As per the file name question2.js
question2
write a program to print elements from the nested array as per the given order in array.
for example , input = ([1,[2,[3,[4,[5,[6,[7,[8,[9,[0]]]]]]]]]])
output = 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,0



As per the file name question3.js
question3
write a program to check that how many times the alphabet/character is coming and repeating in an array.your output should be in an object format.
for example , input = ["j","a","v","a"]
output = {j:1,a:2,v:1}



As per the file name question4.js
question4
write a program to insert the element/number in the given array , if the element already exists in the array, dont insert the element.
for example , input = [1,2,3,4] , number = 5
output = [1,2,3,4,5]
  



As per the file name question5.js
question5
write a program to display fibonacci sequence .




As per the file name question6.js
question6
sort the given object in ascending/descending order
for example , input =
 let object = {
    "a":5,
    "c":4,
    "d":1,
    "b":2,
    "e":3,
}




As per the file name question7.js
question7
sort the given nested object in descending order
for example , input =
let object = {
    "A" : {"a":1},
    "B" : {"a":6},
    "C" : {"a":5},
    "D" : {"a":3},
}




As per the file name question8.js
question8
write a program to check if the number/string is palindrome or not
for example , input = refer , it is an palindrome



As per the file name question9.js
question9
write a program to check if the number is prime or not



As per the file name question10.js
question10
write a program to print the number of days a person lived from his born year.



As per the file name question11.js
question11
write a program to check if the substring is present in the original string
for example = input = "hellothisisconsole" , check "hello" is present in the input string or not





As per the file name question12.js
question12
If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23.
Find the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1000.





As per the file name question13.js
question13
Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:

1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...

By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, find the sum of the even-valued terms.

